*1. Make a deal with yourself.

Good for overcoming procrastination and getting things done. You can make the deal small or large. You simple tell yourself something like: When I'm done with this chapter/these reports I can take a walk in the park and enjoy an ice-cream.

2. Act like it.

If you don’t feel motivated or enthusiastic then act like it. The strange thing is that within a few minutes you actually start to feel motivated, positive or enthusiastic for real.

3. Ask uplifting questions in the morning.

Here’s what you do; every morning ask yourself five empowering three-part questions this way:

What am I ______ about in my life right now?

What about it makes me _______?

How does it make me feel?

Put in your own value in the blank space. For instance, a couple of my questions are:

What am I happy about in my life right now?

What am I excited about in my life right now?

It’s important that you really feel how it makes you feel. When I think about the last part about what makes me happy right now I really feel it. These morning questions are great because the way they are set up makes you recognize things you take for granted and then they really get you to feel those positive feelings.

4. Move the goalposts.

Set a large and specific goal. This will motivate you much more than small goals. A big goal has a big effect and can create a lot of motivation.

5. Do something small and create a flow.

Just clean your desk. Or pay your bills. Or wash the dishes. You just need to get started. When you have finished that small task you’ll feel more alert and ready to go do the next thing. You just to get started to get motivated. So if you really don’t feel like doing anything, start with something small and work your way out up.

6. Do the toughest task first.

This will ease a lot of your day-to-day worries and boost your self-confidence for the rest of the day.

7. Start slow.

Instead of jumping into something at full speed start slow.

When you do that your mind will not visualize the task as something hard that you have to do fast, fast, fast. If your mind sees such things guess what often happens? Yep, you don’t get started. Actually getting started, even if it’s at a slow pace, is a whole lot better than not getting started at all.
